(docs): for how to connect to UI on localhost (#37)
ash-sxn/GSoC-2023-docker-based-quickstart: experimental_docker_compose_files/00_old_one_from_proposal/README.md

### How to run 
* Make sure you are in the `00_old_one_from_proposal` directory by using the command `pwd`. 
* Then use the command `docker compose up -d` to run the example.

> * after the containers are succefully running (check with `docker ps`). You can access the controller on [`http://localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* after the containers are successfully running (check with `docker compose ps`). You can access the controller on [`http://localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080)
```
